v1.0: Reject master keys less than 16 bytes (#2103)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/configuration/instance_options.md

**Environment variable**: `MEILI_MASTER_KEY`
**CLI option**: `--master-key`
**Default value**: `None`
**Expected value**: UTF-8 string of at least 16 bytes

Sets the instance's master key, automatically protecting all routes except [`GET /health`](/reference/api/health.md). This means you will need an API key to access endpoints such as `POST /search` and `GET /documents`. [You can read more about security keys in Meilisearch in our dedicated guide.](/learn/security/master_api_keys.md)

Providing a master key is mandatory when `--env` is set to `production`. If none is given, or it is less than 16 bytes, Meilisearch will throw an error and refuse to launch. In both cases, Meilisearch will suggest a secure autogenerated master key you can use by running the following command and restarting your instance:

```
--master-key="SUGGESTED_MASTER_KEY"
```

> If no master key is provided in a `development` environment, all routes will be unprotected and publicly accessible. Meilisearch will suggest an autogenerated secure master key if you need protection in a `development` environment.

Reviewer: Since autogenerated key is supplied no matter the environment, I'd suggest we put this info in a separate paragraph instead of repeating content.

```suggestion
If no master key is provided in a `development` environment, all routes will be unprotected and publicly accessible.

If you do not supply a master key in `production` or `development` environments, Meilisearch will suggest a secure autogenerated master key you can use when restarting your instance.
```
